Document behaviour when setting both on_step=True and on_epoch=True in self.log (#4327)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/logging.rst

* `logger`: Logs to the logger like Tensorboard, or any other custom logger passed to the :class:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer`.

.. note::

>     -   Setting ``on_epoch=True`` will accumulate your logged values over the full training epoch.

Reviewer: "accumulate" says `sum` to me, but I thought the default behavior is `mean`? Perhaps "reduce" is more appropriate?

Author: both are equally valid imo.

Author: the docs in this section do not mention the default reduction. 
We should say that the default is torch.mean

>     -   Setting ``on_epoch=True`` will accumulate your logged values over the full training epoch.

Reviewer 2: - Setting ``on_epoch=True`` will cache all your logged values during the full training epoch and perform a reduction ``on_epoch_end`. We recommend using ``Metric API`` when working with custom reduction.

Author: @tchaton sry for the delay, I added your suggestion and linked metrics

Author: If you are happy with my changes, could you re-review so we can merge?

    -   Setting both ``on_step=True`` and ``on_epoch=True`` will create two keys per metric you log with
        suffix ``_step`` and ``_epoch``, respectively. You can refer to these keys e.g. in the `monitor`

>         argument of :class:`~pytorch_lightning.callbacks.model_checkpoint.ModelCheckpoint` or in the graphs plotted to TensorBoard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        argument of :class:`~pytorch_lightning.callbacks.model_checkpoint.ModelCheckpoint` or in the graphs plotted to the logger of your choice.
```
